Rachid’s Ranked Binary Search Tree Project (Non-Recursive) README

About: This project was one of three main projects assigned to me in my data structures class during my time at Georgetown University. After I graduated from Georgetown University, I decided to revisit this project in order to improve upon it and to refresh my knowledge on binary search trees. When I remade the project, I decided to implement all the functions recursively in order to learn more about recursion. Now, in this implementation I decided to implement all the functions iteratively to improve my coding skills and to attempt to make the project more efficient in terms of execution time. The original creator of this project is Bala Kayalansundaram, a professor of Computer Science at Georgetown University.

Changes from Recursive Version: There were some changes that were employed to add more flexibility and variety from the recursive version. One major change is that one can create Ranked Binary Search Trees of any type due to the use of templates. This is unlike the recursive version which only allowed one to only insert, search for, and remove only integers. AVL rebalancing is optional depending if one sets the second template parameter to true or false. This choice was taken in order to allow the user the flexibility in creating custom Ranked Binary Search Trees. For your information, AVL rebalancing is disabled by default due to the second template parameter being false by default. The array subscript operator has been overloaded for both const and non-const Ranked Binary Search Trees for both viewing an element and/or replacing an element at a rank in addition to the elementAtRank and replaceAtRank functions. Similarly, the at function has been implemented which works exactly like the array subscript operator except that it has bounds checking. The comparison operators have been overloaded to allow one to compare Ranked Binary Search Trees like they were arrays which might prove useful in some operations. The assignment operator has been overloaded to allow one to do Ranked Binary Search Tree assignments. Finally, a copy constructor for Ranked Binary Search Trees have been implemented.

Source Code Use: The source code associated with this project is free for anyone to use. If one has found any bugs or has any suggestions/questions relating to the source code, please comment on the project page or email me at rachidtelfort@gmail.com.

Final Notes: I hope that my fellow coders will find the source code helpful as well as gain valuable insight from it. If you have read this, thank you for looking at my GitHub page it is much appreciated.

